Sean Blundell CV

Projects | Education | Experience | Interests

In my shiny finance job I would count down the hours of the day. That has all changed since becoming a developer.

I'm now frustrated by the need to sleep. I'm obsessed with improving my skills and expanding my knowledge. And I'm itching to find a job that will help facilitate that.

I AM A... Junior Full Stack Developer hot off the Makers Academy press, one of Europe's leading development bootcamps.

I CODE BECAUSE... It makes me happy! Its creative, complex, and redefining every industry it touches. It's one massive chain of problems that I feel compelled to solve.

I SPEAK... Ruby, JavaScript, TDD, Pair-Programming, XP Values and HTML/CSS.

I'M SEEKING... to join an ambitious, dynamic team that promotes an environment of continual learning and progression. Momentum is key for me. I want to be trusted with delivering high quality code from the get go but have faith in the provision of resources and guidance to help me achieve that.

Projects

Project	Description	Technologies	Testing
Eat Me	Native iOS app that aims to reduce food waste by tracking the expiration dates of user's purchases. Here's a video displaying the app's key features!	React Native, JavaScript, JSX, Xcode, Realm & a range of APIs.	Jest
Multiplayer Slytherin	A real-time, online multiplayer version of the game Tron. Built from scratch in four days.	JavaScript, NodeJS, Express, Sockets.io & p5.js.	MochaJS & Chai
BlundellGram	A Rails web application cloning the wonders of Instagram, AKA a space that allows users to upload, comment, and like photos.	Ruby on Rails, Postgresql (using ActiveRecord), Omniauth (enables Facebook sign in) & Bootstrap.	RSpec & Capybara
Bowling Scorecard	Interactive bowling scorecard built over a weekend that successfully incorporates the game's complex logic and scenarios. Score a strike now!	JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5 & CSS.	Jasmine
Education

Makers Academy (February to June 2017)

Curiosity and hungry passion for code
Independent learner and problem-solver
OOP, TDD, SOLID, MVC, DDD
Software Craftsmanship
Ruby, Rails, Javascript, Node.js, Angular.js
Rspec, Jasmine, Mocha
CFA Program (Ongoing)

Highly regarded investment management designation, which tests a broad range of portfolio management and advanced analysis skills.
Level I of Programme successfully passed in December 2016, of which, 57% of participating candidates failed.
Required self-study of 400+ hours whilst in full-time work
University of Amsterdam (2012 to 2015)

BSc Economics
Equivalent of UK First
Honours Student
San Francisco State University (2015)

Exchange Student
Dame Alice Owen's School (2010 - 2012)

A Levels
Mathematics: A
Biology: A
Chemistry: A
Experience

Camarco (June 2016 to February 2017)
Consultant
My last role was as a consultant with Camarco, a financial communications agency, where my main duty was to generate first-hand research and analysis that formed the basis of strategic advice to our clients. Working across nine clients simultaneously meant my communication skills, both verbal and written, progressed significantly and I was given full autonomy to write public statements and internal documents on client’s behalf.

CognitionX (August 2015 to June 2016)
Entrepreneurial Graduate
My first job out of university was with CognitionX, a data science startup, for whom I created, from scratch, a configurable financial model, which enabled detailed forecasting and scenario analysis. I also played a key role in a successful Kickstarter campaign, which raised over £20,000.

Interests

When I'm not coding, I'm probably doing one of the following...

Tutoring Economics - teaching Uni/A-level students how to be rational.
Yoga - On a mission to touch my toes.
Football - Watching, playing, obsessing. Wenger Out.
Music - Reformed choir boy, horrible guitar player, unruly dancer.
